README.md, before:

# Serverless Boilerplate
[![serverless](http://public.serverless.com/badges/v3.svg)](http://www.serverless.com)

This boilerplate application features a monolithic architecture that leverages new technologies (Lambda, GraphQL) to reach a very low *total cost of ownership* (i.e., least amount of code, administration, cost).  This is ideal for smaller projects.

- [Setup](#setup)
- [Team](#team)

---

## Setup

### Serverless
If you haven't yet installed `serverless` on your machine, run `npm install -g serverless`. Then:

```
git clone https://github.com/serverless/serverless-boilerplate.git
cd serverless-boilerplate
npm install
serverless project init
```

After following the setup instructions, add the `authTokenSecret` variable to `_meta/variables/s-variables-STAGE-REGION.json` and give it a strong value. This is the secret used to generate JSON web tokens. Then:

```
cd back/api
npm install
serverless dash deploy
```

### Client
Set `API_URL` in `client/src/app/js/actions/index.js`. Then:

```
cd ../../client/src
npm install
npm start
```

### Testing With GraphiQL
If you're running OSX, you can use the [GraphiQL Electron App](https://github.com/skevy/graphiql-app) to test the GraphQL backend without a client:

- Install [brew cask](https://caskroom.github.io) for easy installation: `brew tap caskroom/cask`
- Install GraphiQL App: `brew cask install graphiql`
- Open GraphiQL application. Just search for `GraphiQL` using OSX Spotlight Search!
- Add your data endpoint to the "GraphQL Endpoint" text field, and make sure the "Method" is set to `POST`.
- Try this mutation to create the first user:


```
mutation createUserTest {
  createUser (username: "serverless", name: "Serverless Inc.", email: "hello@serverless.com", password: "secret") {
    id 
    username 
    name 
    email  
  }
}
```

- Now list all users using the following query:


```
query getUsersTest { 
  users {
    id
    username
    name
    email
  } 
}
```

- You should get the user you just created:


```
{
  "data": {
    "users": [
      {
        "id": "aca42ee0-f509-11e5-bc11-0d8b1f79b4b9",
        "username": "serverless",
        "name": "Serverless Inc.",
        "email": "hello@serverless.com"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

---

## Team
* [@eahefnawy](https://github.com/eahefnawy)
* [@minibikini](https://github.com/minibikini)
* [@ac360](https://github.com/ac360)
* [@kevinold](https://github.com/kevinold)
* [@pmuens](https://github.com/pmuens)
* [@erikerikson](https://github.com/erikerikson)
* [@ryansb](https://github.com/ryansb)

Commit message:

adds local DynamoDB for testing

README.md, after:

# Serverless Boilerplate
[![serverless](http://public.serverless.com/badges/v3.svg)](http://www.serverless.com)

This boilerplate application features a monolithic architecture that leverages new technologies (Lambda, GraphQL) to reach a very low *total cost of ownership* (i.e., least amount of code, administration, cost).  This is ideal for smaller projects.

- [Setup](#setup)
- [Team](#team)

---

## Setup

### Serverless
If you haven't yet installed `serverless` on your machine, run `npm install -g serverless`. Then:

```
git clone https://github.com/serverless/serverless-boilerplate.git
cd serverless-boilerplate
npm install
serverless project init
```

After following the setup instructions, add the `authTokenSecret` variable to `_meta/variables/s-variables-STAGE-REGION.json` and give it a strong value. This is the secret used to generate JSON web tokens. Then:

```
cd back/api
npm install
serverless dash deploy
```

### Client
Set `API_URL` in `client/src/app/js/actions/index.js`. Then:

```
cd ../../client/src
npm install
npm start
```

### Testing With A Local DynamoDB Instance
- Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- Run `docker-compose up` to install and run DynamoDB.
- Add the `localDynamoDbEndpoint` variable with the value `http://<DOCKER-MACHINE-IP>:8000` to `_meta/variables/s-variables-common.json`. Example value:  `http://192.168.99.100:8000`.
- Run `sls setup db -s <stage> -r <region>` to create tables in the local DynamoDB instance.
- Run `sls offline start` to start [the offline server](https://github.com/dherault/serverless-offline).

### Testing With GraphiQL
If you're running OSX, you can use the [GraphiQL Electron App](https://github.com/skevy/graphiql-app) to test the GraphQL backend without a client:

- Install [brew cask](https://caskroom.github.io) for easy installation: `brew tap caskroom/cask`
- Install GraphiQL App: `brew cask install graphiql`
- Open GraphiQL application. Just search for `GraphiQL` using OSX Spotlight Search!
- Add your data endpoint to the "GraphQL Endpoint" text field, and make sure the "Method" is set to `POST`.
- Try this mutation to create the first user:


```
mutation createUserTest {
  createUser (username: "serverless", name: "Serverless Inc.", email: "hello@serverless.com", password: "secret") {
    id 
    username 
    name 
    email  
  }
}
```

- Now list all users using the following query:


```
query getUsersTest { 
  users {
    id
    username
    name
    email
  } 
}
```

- You should get the user you just created:


```
{
  "data": {
    "users": [
      {
        "id": "aca42ee0-f509-11e5-bc11-0d8b1f79b4b9",
        "username": "serverless",
        "name": "Serverless Inc.",
        "email": "hello@serverless.com"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

---

## Team
* [@eahefnawy](https://github.com/eahefnawy)
* [@minibikini](https://github.com/minibikini)
* [@ac360](https://github.com/ac360)
* [@kevinold](https://github.com/kevinold)
* [@pmuens](https://github.com/pmuens)
* [@erikerikson](https://github.com/erikerikson)
* [@ryansb](https://github.com/ryansb)
